Do you think this photo is real or not?
Do you think words can never hurt someone?
Hey, everyone says you look great today, go for it!
It matters whether a photo is real or retouched, if gives people a false idea of what beauty is.
It's important to be confident and stand up to bullies. I've written a letter about how I'd deal with one.
“You’re not going out dressed like that are you?” Use our Mum Translator to see what Mum really means.
Girls spend too much time worrying about their looks. Check out my mosaic: it celebrates everything about me
Did you know that beauty comes in all shapes and sizes? Check out my poster which celebrates my uniqueness
Photoshopped photos give girls a false idea of what beauty is. Check out my article on fake and real beauty
It's important to be confident and stand up to bullies. I've written a letter about how I'd deal with one
It's important to be confident: stand up to bullies.
I just scored 31 at Retouch Roulette. Can you tell if a photo is real or retouched? Play the game now.
So many people don't know whether a photo is real or retouched. 
Watch this ‘Sticks and Stones’ video. Still think words can never hurt you?
I just scored 3.5/10 on Body of a Champion. Don’t judge a person by their looks! Take the quiz today
Your friend says you look great today. Does this mean you didn’t yesterday? Crack Compliments.
I played FLAW-LESS and scored 5 tries on Beginner level! Play now to see how 'flaws' can have inner and outer beauty!
Would you judge a person by their hairstyle or looks?
Girls should know that beauty comes in all shapes and sizes. Don't judge!
Can you tell whether this photo is real or retouched?
Nothing is going to spoil my mood today, Mr Cameron! ☀ ☀ 
Don't judge if a photo is real or not.
Beyoncé is a great role model for girls and young women.
It's important to be confident and stand up to bullies. Try writing a letter about how you'd deal with one.
If we think words can never hurt someone, we risk causing great harm.
Be confident and stand up for what you believer in.
I refuse to conform to society's idea of what beauty is.
